Okay,
guys,
welcome back now,
Demo Three of the variable section.
We're gonna have a look at simple module level,
valuable written lows of comments up here so you can have a read through The key bits are
that module level variable module level variables are declared in the general declarations
area.
No,
nothing points you to what the General Declarations area is,
but it's very simple.
It's the area immediately above your very first subroutine,
hence sarees.
And we are declaring he at above sub one.
Okay,
It can be used by all the subs in the current module.
So you remember from the local level variable Once we passed to another subroutine.
Essentially,
there was nothing we could do with the variable because it was local to the sub in which it
was declared.
We are again going to use the dim statement as you can see that dim str my string to the
scope.
It is only available in the module in which its declared,
which means we can use it module mod 30 model level,
but you can use it in any of the others.
Andi,
near the lifetime is an interesting thing with module level variables declared as dim.
They retain their value in memory until work clothes stop is hit in the visual basic editor
.
That's just they just stop.
A new sub is agile.
Added to this module or the end statement is reached just as we looked at a little while
again.
Okay,
Now we're gonna do is I'm gonna delete that watch.
So we were not interested in that one anymore.
And I'm going to add a new watch to this one.
Okay?
And you can see appears down here,
so I'm just going to step through this code.
One of the thing.
Slight modification here.
We're gonna call sub two,
and we're also gonna call sub three,
which is living in a different module over here.
So that would explain their let's move through this fate.
A fate of eight.
Select the current.
The correct sheet bites.
VB name.
Very good.
Program in practice.
Select a one.
Clear the contents.
Load the value from range A one into the variable.
My shrinking.
There you go.
You can see down here.
This is my data on a hover over it anywhere.
And it will tell you this is my data,
right?
it to see one which is here.
Fantastic network.
Beautifully call sub to a nail notice.
Last time we tried to do this,
it didn't work.
But we can hover over here and immediately see that.
Actually,
we've successfully retained the value of my string to even though we've passed to another
sub f eight.
And here's the really interesting part.
Now we're gonna call sub three,
which lives in this module,
so you can see we've selected module for sub three hover over it currently empty.
So when I stepped through,
I'm attempt to write c five.
Nothing happened.
Andi F five again.
And that is because you can only use a dimmed variable at a module level in the module in
which you created it.
Now you'll notice that we reach the end.
So there.
But look what's happened Value.
This is my data.
And that's because it is retained in memory.
Until the workbook closes.
We hit stop in the V B A a new so bizarrely to the module or the end statement is reached.
So just remove that from memory.
I'm just going to hit Stop,
okay?
And the next lecture we're gonna have a look.
The procedure level burial offer you in the next lecture